okay this is Amman products comms black
seed oil virgin black seed oil it's a
cure to cancer
it destroys cancerous and tumor cells so
please buy online from wwm on products
comm comes in 100 ml boxes there is one
I'm showing you the packaging is because
people always buy the wrong brand and
this is the one that I've used myself
it's advised by the Prophet Muhammad
peace be upon him to use this it's been
used for thousands of years in the
Middle East or in the East generally and
it's been curing people of every disease
known to man and you know I advise it
for everything because obviously I have
that divine right with the Angels that I
have been blessed to see so I used it
for a knee joint pain and on application
it's an instant cure it just numbs the
pain it's amazing stuff
it's a miracle cure so believing in the
fact that it cures that has these
miraculous properties it's part of the
cure itself because obviously anything
that's passed from Allah to the prophets
is a benefit for this creation so I
advise everybody to use it and you know
I've worked in medicine before providing
pharmaceutical drugs before to people
and I often used to advise people to buy
this because it doesn't have any side
effects you're not gonna you know have
water retention and kidney problems and
liver damage from using this and it's
it's safe for everyone you know men
women and children to use this here's
the little bottle you can get a hundred
or 200 ml bottles so there's both sizes
available it's very affordable you can
buy it for 6 pounds for 100 ml bottle
with free delivery if you buy it from
the Islamic establishment code at UK
which is basically a shop in Leicester
in Great Britain so you can order that
online and they'll send that to you so I
think it's very affordable
you cannot obviously it's just it's the
way in which it's processed that's the
most important it's um
cold pressed virgin black seed oil and
it does say it's 100% pure and it's just
ingredients and Nigella sativa oil or
Kalonji some people call it so yeah
please boy this is wicked basically and
it saves lives so if you've got cancer
and you've been looking for a miracle
cure this is it lovely so please buy
this on my advice and get back to me
with I'll put links in about how amazing
this oil is so you can read all about
it's really quite amazing the studies in
the West now I really saw sort of in
early developmental stages but this
really needs to be sent out to all
countries all over the world so
everybody can benefit from it and they
give this stuff to animals as well to
help cure any ailments that they have
very good for the diet you can use in
cooking it kills everything
asthma everything you can think of this
stuff will cure basically everything you
know heart disease cholesterol high
blood pressure diabetes you name it and
this is the cure for it and you know as
you can see it's just it's a very nice
thin light liquid I will say it does get
a little bit warm when you apply it but
that's because it's healing easy and
it's very soothing to help people sleep
if they've got a like a cold if you rub
it on the chest it's very soothing and
you'll feel very peaceful when you used
it it's not a drug
you won't get high from it but yeah so
that's medicine for everything in the
world except death according to a saying
of the Prophet Muhammad peace be upon
him so yeah I advise it 100%
excellent brand by Iman products calm
you can pay with paypal online and you
can buy it directly and they'll ship it
out to you immediately ok thank you
enjoy